0.  Refers to a lung disease caused by inhaling ash or sand particles
1.  getrusage, returns the resource usage of either the calling process, the children of the calling process or the calling thread.
2.  16
3.  We are passing by reference to calculate to avoid the overhead of copying when we are passing by value.
4.  main() loads the dictionary (defaults to the dictionary at /home/cs50/pset5/dictionaries/large if no dictionary file is passed in the command line argument) file using the load function. 
    After successfully loading the dictionary file, main() opens the text file and enters a for-loop to: 
        1. Read the contents of the file character by character.
        2. The read character is appended into the variable 'word'
        3. Any digits are ignored.
        4. If main() encounters the word boundary (a non-alphabet, non-digit character), it must have found a complete word.
        5. main() then checks if the word in 'word' variable exists in the dictionary.
        6. If the word does not exist in the dictionary, main() prints it out in the console.
        7. main then repeats the same process (from steps 1-6) until it reaches EOF.
    
5.  By relying on fscanf() we would not be able to ignore numeric characters in the words.
6.  Parameters to check and load were declared as const to indicate that they are not meant to be modified.
7.  I used a binary tree data structure. 
        typedef struct node {
            char *word;         // the word from the dictionary
            int height;         // the distance from the root to 'this' node
            struct node *left;  // pointer to the node on the left subtree
            struct node *right; // pointer to the node on the right subtree
        } node;

8.  The first time I got this pset working, was O (log n).
9.  Having encountered binary search tree and balanced binary search tree before, I started working on a solution to implement an AVL tree. With that, once I got 
    my code working, i need not tune it any further after seeing the time difference between my solution and the CS50 staff's implementation isn't that big.
10. No
